src/scrapers/city_specific/ztl_coordinates/ATTRIBUTION.md, before:

# Data Attribution

The coordinate data files in this directory are sourced from municipal websites and are used under the following licenses:

## CC BY 4.0 Licensed Data

### florence.json
- **Source**: City of Florence municipal website
- **License**: [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (CC BY 4.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
- **Modifications**: Extracted from KML format and converted to JSON for use in this application

### bologna.json
- **Source**: City of Bologna municipal website
- **License**: [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (CC BY 4.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
- **Modifications**: Extracted from KML format and converted to JSON for use in this application

## Usage Terms
Under the CC BY 4.0 license, you are free to:
- Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format
- Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material for any purpose, even commercially

Under the following terms:
- Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made
- No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits

For the full license text, see: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode

Commit message:

fix: Add reference to Milan data

src/scrapers/city_specific/ztl_coordinates/ATTRIBUTION.md, after:

# Data Attribution

The coordinate data files in this directory are sourced from municipal websites and are used under the following licenses:

## CC BY 4.0 Licensed Data

### florence.json
- **Source**: City of Florence municipal website
- **License**: [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (CC BY 4.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
- **Modifications**: Extracted from KML format and converted to JSON for use in this application

### bologna.json
- **Source**: City of Bologna municipal website
- **License**: [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (CC BY 4.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
- **Modifications**: Extracted from KML format and converted to JSON for use in this application

### milan.json
- **Source**: City of Milan municipal website
- **License**: [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (CC BY 4.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
- **Modifications**: Extracted from CSV format and converted to JSON for use in this application

## Usage Terms
Under the CC BY 4.0 license, you are free to:
- Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format
- Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material for any purpose, even commercially

Under the following terms:
- Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made
- No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits

For the full license text, see: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode
